We already had a look at some of the settings we can set.
Now let's continue.
We also have debt loading property in the next conflict fall dis controls the progress bar you see at
the top when you switch pages like here.
If I go to about juiciness green flash at the top that is the progress bar controlled by next and you
can easily change the color to a different hex code here by simply changing it.
And once you did does and you navigate around and reload the page once and then we get around you see
we have a different color for this navigation bar now.
So this is how you can change that.
And if you don't want the loading indicator at all you can also disable it.
This is simply done by setting this two falls instead of a color.
So now with that if I reload the page and I now navigate around we don't have to add loading indicator
I'll turn it back on but you can of course set this to whichever setting you want.
Important besides setting the color here and this object you can also set a special failed color by
default that's red.
But you could set it to yellow or whatever you want.
You can also set the height so that you've got a broader bar like tool for pixels and you can also set
the duration because that's important.
This loading indicator doesn't really take as long as the process takes.
It doesn't know how long the page changes will take.
So we should set a sufficiently long duration so that it feels good to the user.
And if it is done faster then this durational which it normally should be that it will just instantly
complete not the worst user experience.
If you set a too short duration this is way worse because now you give to user to fling off who I'm
almost done and then the user isn't.
So now I left a default which is five seconds but it greased to high to 4 pixels.
And if I now reload the page and then navigate again we got a bit of a broader loading indicator as
you can see a higher one.
So this is the loading bar a very useful feature to control this to your needs.
Important if you're trading a single page application.
So if the mode is set to SBA and not to universal then you can add a loading indicator property too.
Now that's not the same as loading bar which is controlled for loading the loading indicator instead
is a spinner that's built in.
And that will be shown during the initial rendering which then happens in the client since it's a single
page application.
So whilst we're waiting for that data you can show a loading indicator you can pick a name circle would
display a circle.
You can also pick a color FAA 9 to free.
And if you now simply for a second switched switch mode to SPCA here and reload.
Now you saw it for a fraction of a second because it's loading really fast.
Here you saw the loading indicator.
So this is something you can then also do now I'll switch back to you.
Universal here so that our app works ask before again.
But that's the loading indicator which you can use.
Of course if your remote is a single page application then you have to load your data differently and
not through async data.